Import testing dynamically, install requests as extra dependency (#174)
starlite-api/starlite: docs/usage/14-testing.md

Testing is a first class citizen in Starlite, which offers several powerful testing utilities out of the box.

> To use them, you need to install starlite with `testing` extra:

Reviewer: Please add an admonition here, something along these lines

```suggestion
!!!important Testing utils rely on extra dependencies. So make sure to install them, e.g.:
```
